
theme = glacier
shell-integration = zsh
shell-integration-features = no-cursor 

font-family = "Monolisa"
font-family-bold = "Monolisa"
font-family-italic = "Monolisa"
font-family-bold-italic = "Monolisa"

font-style = Regular
font-style-bold = Bold
font-style-italic = Regular Italic
font-style-bold-italic = Bold Italic

font-size = 24

font-feature = calt
font-feature = liga
font-feature = ss02
font-feature = ss07
font-feature = ss08
font-feature = ss10
font-feature = ss11
font-feature = ss12
font-feature = ss17
font-feature = ss18


adjust-cell-height = -6%

window-padding-y = 0,0
window-padding-balance = true
# cursor-style = underline
cursor-style-blink = true
cursor-color = #B6F500
cursor-opacity = 0.85

background-opacity = 0.96
background-blur-radius = 30
link-url = true
macos-titlebar-style = hidden
copy-on-select = true
macos-option-as-alt = true
auto-update = check
auto-update-channel = tip

cursor-invert-fg-bg = false
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

keybind = super+i=inspector:toggle
keybind = super+r=reload_config

custom-shader = shaders/cursor_blaze_no_trail.glsl
custom-shader = shaders/cursor_smear.glsl
